Dad, what does this mean?
The front-end phone call catches up with the most comprehensive selling agency
I did a test on Jiangwan and your Aunt Su Di.
This is the test report
Don’t you believe Tie Tie?
Brother, what time will we go again?
Why are you taking this iron test?
Recovering Tietie has been our family’s biggest wish for so many years.
I think it is necessary to be a tougher person than you, but you found us. Is it a real tough guy?
No, brother, you may not even believe me.
As for my identity?
are you a real dessert
Let Gu Xun take a look at the production of this test report.
You start like this
I can't get it to be an interest anymore, right?